Working with ARCore (#32)
sdslabs/sdslabs.github.com: _posts/2019/2019-09-21-internal-hackathon-arcore-setup.md

* XR Legacy Input Helper

* ARCore SDK for Unity 1.12.0 or later

* Android SDK 7.0 (API Level 24) or later, installed using the SDK Manager in Android Studio

## Get the ARCore SDK for Unity
* Download ARCore SDK for Unity 1.12.0 or later.
  The SDK is downloaded as arcore-unity-sdk-1.12.0.unitypackage.

## Create a new project and import the SDK
* Open Unity and create a new 3D project.

* Unity 2019 only: Select Window > Package Manager and install the following packages:

** Multiplayer HLAPI (required by the CloudAnchors sample)
** XR Legacy Input Helpers (required by Instant Preview, which uses the TrackedPoseDriver)
* Import the ARCore SDK for Unity:

** Select Assets > Import Package > Custom Package.

** Select the arcore-unity-sdk-1.12.0.unitypackage that you downloaded.

** In the Importing Package dialog, make sure that all package options are selected and click Import.

# Error! Help!

Unity by default does not contain any SDK, JDK related to android development. So you have to install it on your own which is not easy as it seems as SDK manager is not available. For installing SDK, one can do two things:-
* Install Android Studio
* Install SDK command-line tools

> While the first method is quite easy. You just have to install android studio and with it, you get SDK manager which will download all the required SDKs. But wait... installing Android Studio... Not every computer has this much capable hardware that can run this heavy beast without any lag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the first method is quite easy. You just have to install android studio and with it, you get SDK manager which will download all the required SDKs. But wait... installing Android Studio... Not every computer has harware capable to run this heavy beast without any lag.
```

# What is ARCore?

According to Wikipedia, ARCore is a software development kit developed by Google that allows for augmented reality applications to be built.
ARCore uses three key technologies to integrate virtual content with the real environment:
* Motion Tracking: it allows the phone to understand its position relative to the world.
* Environmental understanding: It allows the phone to detect the size and location of all type of surfaces, vertical, horizontal and angled.
* Light Estimation: it allows the phone to estimate the environment’s current lighting conditions.

# Setting up development environment

## Requirements

*Unity 2017.4.26f1 or later

**Make sure to include Android Build Support during installation

**The Universal Render Pipeline (formerly known as Ligthweight Render Pipeline or LWRP) is not supported by the ARCore SDK for Unity

**When using Unity 2019, the following Unity packages are required:

> 1. Multiplayer HLAPI

Reviewer 2: Make things uniform. Having numerical list here and bulleted elsewhere makes the hierarchy confusing
